Inventory management involves formulating and implementing
inventory policies that support organizational goals.
Inventory management activities include,
but are not always limited to,
forecasting, demand planning, and control activities.
In government, the user's mission-based requirements
drive inventory and inventory management requirements.
Inventory managers use end-item forecasts
such as sales, production, or maintenance forecasts
to derive forecasts for individual item numbers.
They formulate inventory rules
that affect safety stock levels, lot sizes,
and replenishment lead times
in order to support anticipated demand.
Additionally, they manage our control item inventories
according to the established inventory rules.